then hi to all I am
if today we prepare a rice milk for
the intolerant then made at home
I therefore believe it is a solution
good then it takes the ingredients
forever in the television 4 tablespoons of
rice
you can also make it integrate 500m emilia
short or other 600 grams and 30 grams of
sugar cane
let's go fly let's pour water 500
grams
let's add the rice let's cook 20
minutes 20 minutes one hundred of fast hundred
two degrees of speed quarrelsome tell
that since boven rice hangs at
escape then we put the
container of the word so we see it
the sketches then finished this
we take away the king from nothing
we add the sugar and we do
because sorry and 4 minutes minutes
speed 10
here is rice milk
look good over good cheap
homemade and it hurts I hope you
like
see you next time hi a
all